alright guys dolls in ski here and it's
been a big old week when it comes to WWE
2k15 the information has been coming
thick and fast and we've had a further
six WWE Superstars confirmed for the
game so I want to give you a breakdown
of how they were confirmed and who they
are so let's not delay it let's just
talk about who's been confirmed so the
first person that was confirmed was none
other than the whole f'n show Rob Van
Dam and he was pretty simple and sweet
when he came to his answer he was asked
via Twitter are you going to be in WWE
2k15 RV DS response was yep and that was
it so RVD is confirmed for this year's
game the next one as well came from
Twitter and it was the Heartbreak Kid
Shawn Michaels he confirmed via a Q&A
session which he was having with his
fans someone asked him will he be in WWE
2k15 and Shawn Michaels replied I guess
I had to do some stuff for an
up-and-coming game so dot dot dot which
I mean if Shawn is doing work for a WWE
game it's going to be WWE 2k15 so Sean
is now confirmed as well but the big
bombshell was courtesy of the COO of the
WWE the game Triple H as he really did
let the cat out the bag because he
confirmed for WWE Superstars and the way
that went down was in his weekly
interview with Michael Cole where he
sits down and talks things all WWE well
he was asked a question of what he
thought about his inclusion of sting
being in a WWE game and Triple H went on
to say that this is what everybody is
wanted and imagine the type of matches
you could have you can have matches
which you've wanted for the last 20
years with sting being in the game and
he went on
then drop the bombs because he came out
with imagine sting versus Stone Cold
Steve Austin so that is stone cold
confirmed right there imagine sting
versus the Brahma bull the great one in
The Rock The Rock confirmed for this
year's game and then Triple H went on to
say imagine sting against the Phenom and
match that everybody is wanted for the
ages against the Undertaker yes taker
now confirmed and he saved the best till
last because Triple H went on to say how
about the icon sting versus none other
than himself the game Triple H
confirming that Triple H will be on the
game now I found it a funny note that
Triple H did say when he confirmed
himself that Michael Cole asked him well
how would that go down and Triple H said
well it would go the same as real life I
would give him a pedigree and that would
be game over so full on burial as per
usual and the shovels out just like that
so no changes there from Triple H I
found it interesting as well that Triple
H did go on to say that sting is going
to be able to play almost every WWE
legend which has ever been in the
business that was what he said so expect
a lot more legends being confirmed very
very soon so it sounds like we're going
to have a jammed packed legend roster
which is kind of cool I mean we got
quite a lot of that in WWE 2k15 but I
mean if they're gonna eclipse that this
year then I'm all the more for it so
let's actually take a look at all the
superstars which are now confirmed and
this is for me what I think and what
I've heard so let's give you a break
down here we go we've had Cesaro he was
confirmed from doing motion capture for
the game and that was confirmed just a
little while ago we had Bray Wyatt we've
seen renders of him being released as a
promotional tools so Bray Wyatt is in
the game Darren Young confirmed himself
to be in the game Hulk Hogan is the
in addition he's confirmed John Cena is
the face of the game so obviously he's
in Paul Heyman was hanging around with
Cesaro doing the motion capture Paul
Heyman is in the whole effing show as I
said confirmed via Twitter today Rob Van
Dam is confirmed for the game Roman
reigns was also used as a promotional
piece along with Bray Wyatt in those
renders that we saw recently so Roman
reigns is in that's one part of the
shield I'd expect Dean Ambrose and
obviously Seth Rollins to follow but
will they be in their unique attires
which they are now or will they be part
of the shield we'll have to wait and see
we got Shawn Michaels confirmed via
Twitter Stone Cold Steve Austin
confirmed by Triple H sting is confirmed
as the bonus content for this year's
game the rock was confirmed by Triple H
and Triple H was confirmed by Triple H
and last but not least the Undertaker
was confirmed by Triple H so there you
go that is all the superstars that I
know that we have so far if you guys
know any more let me know by the
comments box below but what do you think
about the roster there and how it's
shaping up at the moment it sounds like
we're going to have a lot of legends
involved again is that a good thing is
that a bad thing I want to get your
views and your take on the news as it
comes out in relation to WWE 2k15 so let
me know by the comments box below as
always follow me on twitter at Dudzinski
to keep up to date with the news and the
rumors and the gossip in relation to the
game I will keep you updated as best as
I can and well all I've got left to say
is as usual please rate comment and
subscribe and this is Dudzinski as
always signing out